= Braintree Ruby library

The Braintree gem provides integration access to the Braintree Gateway.

= Please Note
<b>The Payment Card Industry (PCI) Council has {mandated}[http://blog.pcisecuritystandards.org/migrating-from-ssl-and-early-tls] that early versions of TLS be retired from service.  All organizations that handle credit card information are required to comply with this standard. As part of this obligation, Braintree is updating its services to require TLS 1.2 for all HTTPS connections. Braintree will also require HTTP/1.1 for all connections. Please see our {technical documentation}[https://github.com/paypal/tls-update] for more information.</b>

== Dependencies

* builder
* libxml-ruby

== Installation

  gem install braintree

Or add to your Gemfile:

  gem 'braintree'

== Quick Start Example

  require "rubygems"
  require "braintree"

  Braintree::Configuration.environment = :sandbox
  Braintree::Configuration.merchant_id = "your_merchant_id"
  Braintree::Configuration.public_key = "your_public_key"
  Braintree::Configuration.private_key = "your_private_key"

  You receive the above mentioned merchant id, public key, and private key upon signing up for Braintree. Signing up for a sandbox account is easy, free, and automatic, and you can do that right * here [https://www.braintreepayments.com/get-started].

  result = Braintree::Transaction.sale(
    :amount => "1000.00",
    :payment_method_nonce => nonce_from_the_client,
    :options => {
      :submit_for_settlement => true
    }
  )

  if result.success?
    puts "success!: #{result.transaction.id}"
  elsif result.transaction
    puts "Error processing transaction:"
    puts "  code: #{result.transaction.processor_response_code}"
    puts "  text: #{result.transaction.processor_response_text}"
  else
    p result.errors
  end

You retrieve your <tt>merchant_id</tt>, <tt>public_key</tt>, and <tt>private_key</tt> when {signing up}[https://braintreepayments.com/get-started] for Braintree. Signing up for a sandbox account is easy, free, and instant.

== Bang Methods

Most methods have a bang and a non-bang version (e.g. <tt>Braintree::Customer.create</tt> and <tt>Braintree::Customer.create!</tt>).
The non-bang version will either return a +SuccessfulResult+ or an +ErrorResult+. The bang version will either return
the created or updated resource, or it will raise a ValidationsFailed exception.

Example of using non-bang method:

  result = Braintree::Customer.create(:first_name => "Josh")
  if result.success?
    puts "Created customer #{result.customer.id}"
  else
    puts "Validations failed"
    result.errors.for(:customer).each do |error|
      puts error.message
    end
  end

Example of using bang method:

  begin
    customer = Braintree::Customer.create!(:first_name => "Josh")
    puts "Created customer #{customer.id}"
  rescue Braintree::ValidationsFailed
    puts "Validations failed"
  end

We recommend using the bang methods when you assume that the data is valid and do not expect validations to fail.
Otherwise, we recommend using the non-bang methods.

== More Information

* Documentation[https://developers.braintreepayments.com/ruby/sdk/server/overview]

== Tests

The unit specs can be run by anyone on any system, but the integration specs are meant to be run against a local development
server of our gateway code.  These integration specs are not meant for public consumption and will likely fail if run on
your system. To run unit tests use rake: <tt>rake test:unit</tt>.

== License

See the LICENSE[https://github.com/braintree/braintree_ruby/blob/master/LICENSE] file for more info.
